Umbraco Cloud Release notes for February (#4980)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/release-notes/2023-02-releasenotes.md

![Cloud-artboard](images/MfaEnforcedOrganizationMethod.gif)

This organization-enforced MFA feature is easy to set up and manage and can help you protect your organization's data and resources in Umbraco Cloud. Enforcing MFA on all the members of your organization is a vital step in assuring that your cloud projects and backoffices are secured from unauthorized access.

## New Project Creation Flow

We are continuously migrating the pages of Umbraco Cloud Portal to a new front end stack. Lately, we have updated the [hostnames](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/setup/project-settings/manage-hostnames) page and the project creation flow. In particular, for the latter, you will notice some significant improvements compared to the previous version.

The new flow has a **more modern and visually appealing design**, which makes it more engaging and user-friendly. It features a **step-by-step guide** that leads users through the process of creating a new project, ensuring that they don't miss any important details.

![OrgMfaDisplay](images/ProjectCreationFlow.gif)

> You will start by selecting the preferred project type, and then continue to choose your project plan, CMS version (for Umbraco Cloud or Umbraco baseline), and region. Next, you only need to register a project name, and the cloud project will be ready for you within a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will start by selecting the preferred project type, then you choose your project plan, CMS version (for Umbraco Cloud), and region. Next, you only need to register a project name, and the cloud project will be ready for you within a few minutes.
```

Whether you're a seasoned Umbraco Cloud developer or new to Umbraco development, you'll appreciate the ease and efficiency of our new project creation flow.

So why wait? Try out our new project creation flow today and start building your next cloud project based on the Friendly CMS on Umbraco Cloud.

## Improved Deployment and Error Handling

> We have made **significant improvements to the deployment process and error handling** in Umbraco Cloud. We understand that seamless deployment between environments is crucial for your developer experience when working in Umbraco Cloud, and we have worked hard to make it even better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made **significant improvements to the deployment process and error handling** in Umbraco Cloud. We understand that seamless deployment between environments is crucial for your developer experience working in Umbraco Cloud. We have therefore been hard at work to make it even better.
```
